=Passive Scan Rules - Beta=
The following beta quality passive scan rules are included in this add-on: 
==Charset Mismatch==
This check identifies responses where the HTTP Content-Type header declares a charset different from 
the charset defined by the body of the HTML or XML. When there's a charset mismatch between the HTTP 
header and content body Web browsers can be forced into an undesirable content-sniffing mode to determine 
the content's correct character set. 
==Cookie - Loosely Scoped==
Cookies can be scoped by domain or path. This check is only concerned with domain scope.The domain scope 
applied to a cookie determines which domains can access it. For example, a cookie can be scoped strictly 
to a subdomain e.g. www.nottrusted.com, or loosely scoped to a parent domain e.g. nottrusted.com. In 
the latter case, any subdomain of nottrusted.com can access the cookie. Loosely scoped cookies are common 
in mega-applications like google.com and live.com. 
==CSRF Countermeasures==
==Information Disclosure: Debug Errors==
==Information Disclosure: In URL==
==Information Disclosure: Referrer==
==Information Disclosure: Suspicious Comments==
==Insecure Authentication==
HTTP basic or digest authentication has been used over an unsecured connection. The credentials can be 
read and then reused by someone with access to the network. 
==Insecure JSF View State==
The response at the following URL contains a ViewState value that has no cryptographic protections. 
==Servlet Parameter Pollution==
==Viewstate==
