#labels UserGuide-AscanrulesBeta-v15
=Active Scan Rules - beta=
The following beta quality active scan rules are included in this add-on: 
==Backup File Disclosure==
Scans for commonly-named backup copies of files on the web server, which may reveal sensitive information 
==Cross-Domain Misconfiguration==
Checks if the web server is configured to allow Cross Domain access, from a malicious third party service, 
for instance. Currently checks for wildcards in Adobe's crossdomain.xml, and in SilverLight's clientaccesspolicy.xml. 
==CSRF Token==
==Heartbleed OpenSSL Vulnerability==
Detects if the web server is vulnerable to the Heartbleed OpenSSL Vulnerability, by exploiting it. 
==HPP==
==Insecure HTTP Method==
Detects (and exploits, depending on the scan settings) known insecure HTTP methods enabled for the URL. 
==LDAP Injection==
LDAP Injection may be possible. It may be possible for an attacker to bypass authentication controls, 
and to view and modify arbitrary data in the LDAP directory. 
==Remote Code Execution - CVE-2012-1823==
Detect CVE-2012-1823 to perform Remote Code Execution on a PHP-CGI based web server. 
==Session Fixation==
Session Fixation may be possible. If this issue occurs with a login URL (where the user authenticates 
themselves to the application), then the URL may be given by an attacker, along with a fixed session 
id, to a victim, in order to later assume the identity of the victim using the given session id. If the 
issue occurs with a non-login page, the URL and fixed session id may only be used by an attacker to track 
an unauthenticated user's actions. If the vulnerability occurs on a cookie field or a form field (POST 
parameter) rather than on a URL (GET) parameter, then some other vulnerability may also be required in 
order to set the cookie field on the victim's browser, to allow the vulnerability to be exploited. 
==ShellShock - CVE-2014-6271==
This scanner perform 2 attacks to detect servers vulnerable to CVE-2014-6271 aka ShellShock.<br>The first 
is a simple reflected attack and the second is a time based attack. 
==Source Code Disclosure - CVE-2012-1823==
Exploit CVE-2012-1823 to disclose server-side PHP source code on a PHP-CGI based web server. 
==Source Code Disclosure - SVN==
Uses Subversion source code repository metadata to scan for files containing source code on the web server. 
==Source Code Disclosure - /WEB-INF==
Exploit the presence of an unprotected /WEB-INF folder to download and decompile Java classes, to disclose 
Java source code. 
==SQL Injection - Hypersonic, time based==
This scanner uses Hypersonic-specific SQL syntax to attempt to induce time delays in the SQL statement 
called by the page.<br>If the unmodified query is not affected by a time delay, and the modified query's 
delay can be controlled, it is indicative of a time-based SQL Injection vulnerability in a Hypersonic 
SQL database. <br>This scanner is time sensitive, and should only be used in an attempt find find stubborn 
and un-obvious SQL injection vulnerabilities in a suspected Hypersonic database. <br>For this reason, the 
number of active scan threads should be set to the minimum when using this scanner, to minimise load 
on the web server, application server, and database, in order to avoid false positives caused by load 
delays rather than by SQL injection delays. <br>The scanner tests only for time-based SQL injection vulnerabilities. 
==SQL Injection - MySQL, time based==
Similar to the Hypersonic scanner, but specific to the MySQL RDBMS and SQL syntax. 
==SQL Injection - Oracle, time based==
Similar to the Hypersonic scanner, but specific to the Oracle RDBMS and SQL syntax. 
==SQL Injection - Postgresql, time based==
Similar to the Hypersonic scanner, but specific to the PostgreSQL RDBMS and SQL syntax. 
==Username Enumeration==
It may be possible to enumerate usernames, based on differing HTTP responses when valid and invalid usernames 
are provided. This would greatly increase the probability of success of password brute-forcing attacks 
against the system. Note that false positives may sometimes be minimised by increasing the 'Attack Strength' 
Option in ZAP. Please manually check the 'Other Info' field to confirm if this is actually an issue. 
==Xpath Injection==
==XXE==
==Padding Oracle==
